Stanley Jimenez
, 
09/15/2022
Has potential
This app could be so useful but it’s has too many bugs and won’t work for you about 80% of the time. I wish they made major updates to this app and fixed their problems because there are a ton. I could be in front of the reader and it will still say it’s far away, it’ll say error and the best part is having to constantly authenticate my device even though I have done it multiple times and in doing so I have to sign out and come back into the app or just fully restart it.

elliejfarnswo
, 
10/03/2023
Extremely buggy
I am a college student. This app has helped me before when I am locked out. Unfortunately it is extremely buggy, has a horrid user interface, is cumbersome to use, and is completely ineffective when used for any door that doesn’t have a keypad. Great idea for an app, though with the advent of NFC technology in smartphones since like 2017 it’s mind-boggling that they haven’t implemented an NFC card.


If your app adds any sort of near field communication technology it would instantly shoot my rating up higher.

kth1195
, 
10/15/2023
Horrible App
I have tried to use it like 30 times and it has worked ONCE. It barely works and constantly says it’s too far away from the reader even when your phone is right next to it. It is an awful app. I hope the developers figure out what is going on because there is no point in having this app when it never works. Genuinely the least useful app I have ever owned. Would not recommend in a million life times.

yogertt
, 
09/28/2021
Good!
idk why there are so many negative reviews! this app is super convenient for me because i’ve locked myself out of my room and building and it’s been able to work every time with getting back in and i don’t have to call campus police!

Justin 17363818373829282938
, 
07/31/2021
Hardly even works
You would think that an app this simple would have hardly any room to go wrong, but somehow they proved me wrong. The app hardly works, has an non-intuitive interface, has many bugs, and is simply a horrible app. It struggles to log in, constantly has network errors, it’s an absolute pain to use. Come on, can you do any worse than this?

~Arch
, 
07/31/2018
Worked once, Apple wallet interrupts
So the app worked for me once and it would be very useful if I could get it to work again. The thing is, I hold it up to the reader and my debit card pops up. Now I don’t really want my own apartment to have a cover charge, so I think it would fix the problem if you could put the virtual access card in your Apple wallet. That would fix this issue.

I am a *STAR*
, 
08/14/2021
Uses Bluetooth apparently but can’t connect?
Let me start by saying the app has worked for me a few times, so I know they way I am using it can lead to it being successful. The vast majority of the time, though, it says the reader is too far from the phone. My phone could be touching the reader, and it still has this error.

Heistenberg
, 
04/19/2023
Logs you out & won’t let you re-authenticate
The app repeatedly logs me out and then when I try to re-authenticate it tells me to “try again in a couple of days” because my authentication limit has been reached. Um, stop logging me out then?! It’s useless to use to as a mobile ID if it force logs you out and arbitrarily won’t let you log back in.

Spakan
, 
12/04/2019
Truly the worst app ever created
This app has screwed me so many times it’s not even funny. I’m writing this as I am locked out of my dorm at 2 am because this app won’t let me verify my credentials.


Giving my final presentation on no sleep should be fun though.


Good luck to all others that are also reading these reviews because they app has also similarly screwed them.

An Apple User 637363733
, 
11/01/2019
Add 3D Touch support from the home screen?
It works sometimes but I'd be nice to be able to use 3D Touch or Apple wallet so I don't have to actually go into the app every single time